he said the salmon divino he said what
taste like cardboard he's supposed to be
here to help me so I'm supposed to be
telling me that nothing's good
give me the snap Branagh if you can
plays about this I'm really gonna
[ __ ] kick your there's the snap arena
for you the snap Anna mm-hmm we just had
a bit just where is the snapper under
all that under all that this one looks
like a dog's dinner I don't know how
well this is gonna work all right god
I just tasted mush it's Michael nearby
and just taste that for me would you I
think that's the snapper Anna soggy
should be baked a little longer
ah it's [ __ ] disgusting yes sir
thank you would you do me a favor we
make sure that Cece tastes that yeah I
think it's really important all right
thank you
what do you think for you to taste taste
what you said the soggy what et touch
down when I put my mop on that the
snapper was shocked
well what the hell you want it to be
hard like a rock I'm gonna even get that
come you know what did you do isn't even
wanna cook you the rest now I'm really
getting pissed off on my kidding she's
doing man - shushing you know I
then I said the starving people in the
world and if I have to keep making food
to go on the garbage I don't want to
make any more right now I want to bring
a minute go right now
okay why should I make him anything else
unawares enough [ __ ] him
CC said that there's starving people and
maybe just talking at two seconds she
wasn't to tell me she should come and
tell me herself
I don't think it's fair that you have to
do our dirty work so tell Cici when
she's finished cooking she can tell me
everything she wants until then I'm here
to eat and to taste the food that's how
I appreciate that okay thank you so much
I didn't want to associate the truth at
all about anything he said she's gonna
probably kill me it's gonna kill the
messenger before she even kills Gordon
Ramsay
you said this later you can tell him
yourself but right now he wants to try
and eat everything so he is a bigger
[ __ ] than I thought that's [ __ ] him
what [ __ ] him [ __ ] him Chef Ramsay the
present of my breakers next to you which
one is that
that's the favorite dude a long piece of
Noma love it I don't care how many
[ __ ] stars he has make you kiss my
stars I'm so pissed off right now that's
just not nice song in the middle
I'm crispy on the outside stressful it
was Shannon the plane boy yeah bland
thank you - game on yes take your knife
with you're not gonna miss a [ __ ] what's
up though I try throw it in the garbage
before she saw me cuz I knew she was
gonna flip
no [ __ ] way what's wrong now he said
I was bland oh my god if I don't even
more flavor suited I was so mad at him I
want that represent on these British
she'd another [ __ ] Oh any my feet